This is a revision from the radsecproxy 2.0 devel branch.

radsecproxy is a generic RADIUS proxy that can support various
RADIUS clients over UDP or TLS (RadSec).

It should build on most Linux and BSD platforms by simply typing
"make". You may also try to use autoconf. It is possible to
specify which RADIUS transport the build should support. With
just doing "make" one will support only UDP and TLS. See the
Makefile for how to change this. With autoconf (configure) there
will normally be support for all transport. You can use the
configure options --enable-udp, --enable-tcp, --enable-tls and
--enable-dtls where each of them may be set to yes or no to
enable or disable them.

To use it you need to create a config file which normally is
called "/etc/radsecproxy.conf". You can also specify the location
with the "-c" command line option (see below). For further
instructions, please see the enclosed example file and the
documentation at
http://software.uninett.no/radsecproxy/?page=documentation

There are five options that may be specified on the command line.
"-c configfile" to specify a non-default config file path;
"-d loglevel" to set a loglevel of 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 where 5 is the
most detailed; and "-f" to run the proxy in the foreground with logging
to stderr. Without "-f" the default is to detach as a daemon and
log to syslog. "-v" just prints version information and exits, while
"-p" (pretend) makes the proxy go through the configuration files as
normal, but stops before creating any sockets or doing any serious
work. This is useful for validating config files.

Thanks to Stefan Winter and Andreas Solberg for talking me into
doing this, and the funding from GEANT2. Stefan as well as Kolbjørn
Barmen, Ralf Paffrath and Maja Wolniewicz have helped with early
testing of the code.

Thanks for contributing code goes to Arne Schwabe, Maja Wolniewicz,
Simon Leinen and Stefan Winter.

All of the above plus Milan Sova have provided good feedback on
several implementation choices. Finally thanks to Hans Zandbelt
for providing the autoconf stuff. I may have forgotten someone,
let me know if you feel left out.

For more information, feedback etc. please see the information
at http://software.uninett.no/radsecproxy/

Stig Venaas <venaas@uninett.no> -- 2009.07.22
